Source: https://www.ecfr.gov/current/title-5/section-1601.32 (eCFR, authoritative but unofficial), retrieved 2026-10-06.

§ 1601.32 Timing and posting dates.
(a)(1) A transaction request other than an investment election request entered into the TSP record keeping system by a participant who uses the TSP website or the ThriftLine, before 12 noon eastern time of any business day, will ordinarily be posted that business day. A transaction request other than an investment election request entered into the system at or after 12 noon eastern time of any business day will ordinarily be posted on the next business day. A transaction request that is an investment election request will ordinarily be posted immediately and be effective the next business day.
(a)(2) A transaction request made on the TSP website or the ThriftLine on a non-business day will ordinarily be posted on the next business day.
(a)(3) Paper forms: posted under (a)(1) based on when the record keeper enters the form, ordinarily within 48 hours of receipt.
(a)(4) In most cases, the share price(s) applied to a fund reallocation or fund transfer request is the value of the shares on the date the relevant transaction is posted. In some circumstances, such as error correction, the share price(s) for an earlier date will be used.
(b) Limit. There is no limit on the number of investment election requests. A participant may make a total of two unrestricted fund reallocations and/or fund transfers per account (e.g., civilian or uniformed services), per calendar month. A fund reallocation or fund transfer will count toward the monthly total on the date posted by the TSP record keeper and not on the date requested by a participant. After a participant has made a total of two fund reallocations and/or fund transfers in a calendar month, the participant may make additional fund reallocations or fund transfers only into the G Fund until the first day of the next calendar month.
(The TSP cannot guarantee processing on a particular day; outages, heavy volume, etc. can delay posting.)
