***   Income from interest and dividends is included in the share price calculation.




                                                                              17
The Mutual Fund Window
The mutual fund window allows participants who meet certain conditions to invest a portion of their
account in mutual funds outside of the TSP. Your initial investment in the mutual fund window must
be at least $10,000, and you may not invest more than 25% of your total account in the mutual fund
window. If you are thinking about using the mutual fund window, bear in mind that any or all of the risks
explained in the description of the TSP funds may also apply to your chosen mutual funds. In addition,
participants who choose to invest through the mutual fund window will be charged fees that do not apply
to participants who invest only in the TSP funds. See the TSP fact sheet TSP Mutual Fund Window on
tsp.gov for more information.


Investment Elections, Reallocations, and Fund Transfers
There are three types of investment transactions you can make:

  • Investment election
  • Reallocation
  • Fund transfer
Investment election. An investment election specifies how you want to invest new money going into your
TSP account. Your investment election will apply to all future deposits to your account. These include
employee contributions; agency/service contributions (if you are FERS or BRS); any special pay, incentive
pay, or bonus pay that you contribute as a member of the uniformed services; any money you move into
the TSP from other retirement plans; and any TSP loan payments. Your investment election will not affect
money that is already in your account. Your investment election will remain in effect until you submit a
new one.

Reallocation. A reallocation moves the money already in your account among the TSP investment funds.
When you make a reallocation, you choose the new percentage you want invested in each fund. You
cannot move specific sources of money among the funds. For example, if you have traditional (including
tax-exempt) and Roth money in your account, your reallocation will move a proportional amount from
each type of money into the funds that you have specified.

Fund transfer. A fund transfer moves money from one or more specific funds to another specific fund
or funds without affecting the rest of your account. Fund transfers are also how you move money to and
from the mutual fund window.

Reallocations and fund transfers are limited. Each calendar month, your first two reallocations or fund
transfers may be used to redistribute money in your account among any of the TSP funds. After the first
two of either type of transaction, for the remainder of the month, you can only move money into the
G Fund. If you have both a civilian and a uniformed services account, these rules apply to each account
separately.

Making investment transactions. You can make any of these transactions in My Account or by using one
of the ThriftLine options listed at the beginning of this booklet. Transactions made before noon eastern-


                                                    18
time are generally processed that business day. If we have a valid email address for you on file, we will send
an email confirmation of your transaction.


